today is Sunday which is the first day
of the vaccination campaign being
launched by un key agencies and Co
coordination with gaza's health ministry
as you can see that mothers since the
early hours of this morning came to the
yards of Al AA Hospital in order to get
medical vaccination for the kids we can
see different signs of worries on the
faces because they do not want to lose
their kids by this infectuous deadly
disease that was recently discovered 2
months ago by the wh and
UNICEF I came to vaccinate my child
after I heard about the Ministry of
Health vaccination campaign so I took
the opportunity and came here I'm afraid
for the health of my children because
you can see that there's diseases all
across
Gaza instead of them saying that they
are protecting us from disease we're
asking that they instead protect us from
the missiles and the shelling falling on
us we're being moved daily from place to
place with our kids we can completely
see that the uh children will receive
two oral drops of the uh polio vaccines
type two as now doctors are working
terorist in order to deal with the large
numbers of kids who are seeking for
vaccination basically more than 600,000
Palestinian child under the age of 10
should received this vaccination and
immunized against polio this disease
that has triggered Gra concerns among
Palestinian desperate families here in
the entire strep especially that their
children are chased by the Israeli
bombart and they came here today despite
all the challenges and security concerns
they are experiencing in the central
area of this trip which is right now the
first phase and the first area that is
receiving the vaccination by the wh and
Unk agencies in the entire strip T abum
Al jazer Dar bah
Palestine make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer